Small grammar update (#21)
secops-space/secops.space: CONTRIBUTING.md

# Contributing to secops.space

Before starting anything off, check in /issues to see if anything similar to what you want to do has been requested before.  

> If it has not, open a new feature request explaining in details you're idea and wait for obbriggs or ojxhn to greenlight it.  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If it has not, open a new feature request explaining in details your idea and wait for @bbriggs or @jxhn to greenlight it.  
```
